Readme.md, before:

# Tech@NYU Website

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/tree/master)

This is the source for Tech@NYU's awesome website.

## Getting Started
### Download the Dependencies
To install the project's dependencies, run the following commands at the root
of the directory:
```bash
# The following gems are necessary for compiling the Sass files.
# Note: You *can’t* use a version of sass higher than 3.3.13 or a version of
# compass higher than 1.0.0, as that breaks skrollr-stylesheets's compilation
# (see https://github.com/Prinzhorn/skrollr-stylesheets/issues/46). And while
# this has since been fixed in the latest skrollr-stylesheets (see
# https://github.com/Prinzhorn/skrollr-stylesheets/pull/47), it hasn't been
# fixed in our fork (https://github.com/ethanresnick/skrollr-stylesheets), which
# is used to support changing the set of animations in use depending on the
# screen size.
gem install sass -v=3.3
gem install sass-globbing
gem install compass -v=1.0.0
gem install breakpoint

# For compiling the LiveScript and Sass files.
npm install gulp -g
npm install
```

### Build/Run
The following command compiles the [LivesScript](http://livescript.net/) and
[Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) files that make up the project:
```
gulp --require gulp-livescript
```

To start the server, run `node server.js` in the `build/` directory. This
project is an Express app; to preview the site, visit `localhost:3000` in a web
browser.

If you want to develop so that the `gulp` does less minification (speeding up
build time), run
```
gulp dev --require gulp-livescript
```

### Architecture
#### Flight
This repo uses [flight](https://github.com/flightjs/flight) to build the webpage out of independent [components](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/tree/master/src/public/scripts/components) that communicate with one another by sending out and responding to events. These components [can be](https://github.com/flightjs/flight/blob/master/doc/mixin_api.md) augmented by composable [mixins](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/mixins.ls). This architecture, which is used by Twitter, makes the coupling between the different parts of the page much looser, so the resulting code is less brittle, and each component is fully testable in isolation.

#### Animations
Once you've grocked the flight architecture, the only other big thing to understand is how the animations are set up. Basically, different components can register animations ([example] (https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/components/nav.ls#L33)) using the [animate mixin](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/mixins.ls#L43), which stores the animations in the DOM on `data-` attributes. For each node they're applied to, these attributes encode all of that node's animation instructions at each different design mode. (There are three design modes: Large Paginated, Large Scroll, and Small Scroll.) Then, a heavily-modified [skrollr-stylesheets](https://github.com/ethanresnick/skrollr-stylesheets/) [keeps track](https://github.com/ethanresnick/skrollr-stylesheets/blob/master/src/skrollr.stylesheets.js#L102) of which design mode is in view and loads only that mode's animations into the main [skrollr](https://github.com/Prinzhorn/skrollr). (The skrollr library wasn't built for responsive design and can only handle one set of animations at a time, hence the need for skrollr-stylesheets to switch the animation instruction sets in and out as the design mode changes.) 

This picture is complicated a bit by the need to actually move around some elements in the DOM when the design mode, as not all the layout adjustments were possible with just CSS. Those changes are handled in the [skrollr component](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/components/skrollr.ls#L51), which in turn just sets up listeners for the `'designModeChange'` event. That event is thrown by the [designSwitcher component](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/components/designSwitcher.ls), which is just a really nice way to centralize keeping track of which design mode is currently being used and when the design mode changes, so that every single component doesn't have to track this stuff on it's own; other components can just listen to the `designModeChange` event.

## Browser Support Goals
### Full Support
Chrome (30-33), Safari 7

### Partial Support (as much as possible)
IE 10-11, Firefox (26–28)

### Minimal Support
IE9 and below

### X-Grade Support (i.e. untested)
Everything else

Commit message:

Switch to bundler
Also, remove Livescript references from readme. h/t @terriburns.

Readme.md, after:

# Tech@NYU Website

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/tree/master)

This is the source for Tech@NYU's awesome website.

## Getting Started
### Download the Dependencies
To install the project's dependencies, run the following commands at the root
of the directory:
```bash
# bundle install is sorta like the ruby equivalent of
# npm install (though you need to install bundler first)
gem install bundler
bundle install
```

# For compiling the LiveScript and Sass files.
npm install gulp -g
npm install
```

### Build/Run
The following command compiles the [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) files that
make up the project and puts everything in the build directory. To do this, it
runs gulp through bundler, which makes sure the correct ruby dependencies are used:
```
bundle exec gulp
```

To start the server, run `node build/server.js` from the project's root
directory. This project is an Express app; to preview the site, visit
`localhost:3000` in a web browser.

During development, you can have `gulp` do less minification (which makes
debugging easier and speeds up the build time), by running:
```
gulp dev
```

### Architecture
#### Flight
This repo uses [flight](https://github.com/flightjs/flight) to build the webpage out of independent [components](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/tree/master/src/public/scripts/components) that communicate with one another by sending out and responding to events. These components [can be](https://github.com/flightjs/flight/blob/master/doc/mixin_api.md) augmented by composable [mixins](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/mixins.ls). This architecture, which is used by Twitter, makes the coupling between the different parts of the page much looser, so the resulting code is less brittle, and each component is fully testable in isolation.

#### Animations
Once you've grocked the flight architecture, the only other big thing to understand is how the animations are set up. Basically, different components can register animations ([example] (https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/components/nav.ls#L33)) using the [animate mixin](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/mixins.ls#L43), which stores the animations in the DOM on `data-` attributes. For each node they're applied to, these attributes encode all of that node's animation instructions at each different design mode. (There are three design modes: Large Paginated, Large Scroll, and Small Scroll.) Then, a heavily-modified [skrollr-stylesheets](https://github.com/ethanresnick/skrollr-stylesheets/) [keeps track](https://github.com/ethanresnick/skrollr-stylesheets/blob/master/src/skrollr.stylesheets.js#L102) of which design mode is in view and loads only that mode's animations into the main [skrollr](https://github.com/Prinzhorn/skrollr). (The skrollr library wasn't built for responsive design and can only handle one set of animations at a time, hence the need for skrollr-stylesheets to switch the animation instruction sets in and out as the design mode changes.)

This picture is complicated a bit by the need to actually move around some elements in the DOM when the design mode, as not all the layout adjustments were possible with just CSS. Those changes are handled in the [skrollr component](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/components/skrollr.ls#L51), which in turn just sets up listeners for the `'designModeChange'` event. That event is thrown by the [designSwitcher component](https://github.com/TechAtNYU/tech-nyu-site/blob/master/src/public/scripts/components/designSwitcher.ls), which is just a really nice way to centralize keeping track of which design mode is currently being used and when the design mode changes, so that every single component doesn't have to track this stuff on it's own; other components can just listen to the `designModeChange` event.

## Browser Support Goals
### Full Support
Chrome (30-33), Safari 7

### Partial Support (as much as possible)
IE 10-11, Firefox (26–28)

### Minimal Support
IE9 and below

### X-Grade Support (i.e. untested)
Everything else
